W-14947935-rtf-benchmark-kt (#1241)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/install-self-managed.adoc

[NOTE]
`rtfctl` always installs the latest version of Runtime Fabric agent.

> Refer to xref:rtf-scale.adoc[scalability benchmarking] to review the limits for `rtfctl` based deployments. For larger deployments, use Helm based Runtime Fabric deployments so additional resources can be allocated to the agent for optimal performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to xref:rtf-scale.adoc[scalability benchmarking] to review the limits for `rtfctl`-based deployments. For larger deployments, use Helm-based Runtime Fabric deployments so you can allocate additional resources to the agent for optimal performance.
```

Reviewer: Do you need the hard-coded link text or can you say "To review...., see xref:rtf-scale.adoc[]."
